hello namaste
Salam alaikum sorry akahl welcome back
to another session with your wash of
Arabic um yesterday we made tiny which
is a very strong sesame seed flavor and
I loved it very much
but today we're going to make hummus
this is also another dipping sauce which
you can use as a spread or you can just
eat it just like that
difference let's go ahead and learn how
much lot of people at tiny to make this
hummus but if you do not have any you
can just add 1 tablespoon or a 2
tablespoon of sesame seeds okay just
make the sesame seed paste and add into
a blender in this add pepper powder salt
lime juice garlic I love garlic any
preparations I do if the garlic is there
I usually add double the quantity of
what a lot of people add so add garlic
these chickpeas I have soaked overnight
if you are cooking in a pressure cooker
you can boil for 20 minutes or you know
a couple of reasons like 5-6 results
that should cook this chickpeas and I'm
going to add some water
these hummus you can make it thick or
even little bit thinner so that should
be good enough now this is a blended but
a little bit coarse now add some olive
oil that should be enough and I think I
can add some more water now the thing is
make it to the consistency you like I
like it a little bit final some people
like it a little bit coarser but you
know you can blend it the way you like
it
and lot of people make lot of these
Hummers and keep in the fridge sometimes
they use canned chickpeas or even the
bottle thingy
I do not understand because when this is
so easy to make just make little
quantity just for the day and every day
whenever you want to eat it make it
fresh so you find it very nice and tasty
look at this you can just have a
spoonful of this or spread it over a
chip or even a toast and then Wow
fantastic and very tasty Wow tiny is
nice rich and lot more flavorful but
hummus has its own flavor and some
people just love to use this instead of
mayonnaise just the way I told you about
tannic efference just the spoonful of
hummus reminds me of those beautiful
bellydance this Hamas may remind you
something else to you but eat it and
enjoy it but do not forget whatever is
all about inspiring others to cook so
please post your recipes and cooking
tips at war ever calm so others can
benefit from your great cooking thank
you